

# SA TEST 14/11

## **Objective:**

Develop a web server using C# that utilizes Socket - library (System.Net.Sockets).  


## **Requirements:**

1. API/Page Requirements: (5 points)  

- GET [/]: Displays detailed student information (id, fullname, PC's number) and provides a link to login.
- GET [/login]: Shows the login page.
- POST [/login]: Logs in with username and password. On success, redirects to /chat. On failure, displays a login failed message.
- GET [/chat]: Displays online and offline chat rooms. A chat room is online if it has had activity within the last 3 minutes. If offline, its history is cleared.
- POST [/chat/:id]: Sends a message to the chat room with the given id. After sending, changes the room status to online and redirects to GET /chat/:id
- GET [/chat/:id]: Retrieves all messages sent to the chat room in chronological order (time, username, message).

User account information is stored in a JSON file with the following format:  [ { "username": "nntu", "password": "56789" } , { "username": "AdTekDev", "password": "56789" }  ]


2. Apply 2 of the following design patterns: (3 points)   

- Singleton: Apply to the class reading JSON content
- Builder: Create & Add Controller to WebRouter

## **Submission Requirements:**
Link:  https://mlearning.hoasen.edu.vn/mod/assign/view.php?id=1105118  

**Submit 3 parts:**
1. 3-5 screenshots demonstrating the web interface execution.
2. 3-5 Image(s) of code implementing the chosen design pattern(s).
3. zip file: containing the C# server and an HTML folder.


